very good to all I am the Christ I want
a new informative video video about
nba 2k 16 I would tire news during these
days such as the soundtrack of the
class game the most extensive of the
history of the saga that's very good
news will have up to 50 songs
that have been chosen by three
music producers such as shore
and first dj khaled and dj new star
there are going to be six exclusive songs
for this mega 2016 that have not gone away
so far the game is going to tell
then with three different styles to the
be three dj's and you will see a list
very broad musical with these 50
songs will see a variety of
genres like pop electronic hip hop
rock alternative music theme nick sun
70s and topical issues of the top 40
David is no longer good songs like
blitzkrieg pop
the hierarch production building the
ramones represent the nash ya when you
now of set with scene collaboration
gómez among other songs
On the other hand medical talks talk
of the subject of the corporal scan that has been
confirmed something that had been rumored
for a long time not that good anymore
with the facial scan the following is going to
to be is that not corpo po effectively
is what is being done and there is a
lots of photos that prove it
we could see for example anthony
davis be a few players by
example the lakers that has been analyzed
it's body scan for the even more
realism
then I have another issue that has been
confirmed the summer league that is something
It's good that we missed that
example in titles like nba 2k 11 is
incorporated with another name was not like
the draft theses with by was called no
born in berlin as such but now
practically something similar by that
time if you remember us and you have seen
the opportunity to play you will remember that
Well, the opportunity to play
like a little game with no against all
the most important rookies that
presented in that draft and then then
thanks to that I got a better
choice to enter but not clear
we know how it is going to be incorporates this
exam reads what we do know that it is already
because it is already official that it has already
incorporated and will have to be more
attentive or more attentive now that 300 more
news regarding the subject because
the poor has confirmed that they are the
image and confirming that the
summer league nba 2k 16 so they are very
good news from kids starting with
what about the theme of the songs that is something
they have to be talking first of all this
time not first of all these years it was
the one that lacked variety
nba 2k with respect to musical themes
that for example something that in the alive
because he was always well served
different musical extras
genres and many many great a great
number of songs not then now
already with 50 we will have to choose
so nothing guys so he showed up
this news has been so I ask myself
like other comments
in the following video after the
emotional